GTW-9347: bump NAS recipient.account_number max length from 10 -> 34 (#896)
checkout/checkout-api-reference: nas_spec/changelog.md

| Date       | Description of change                                                                                                 |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 2023/03/28 | bump NAS recipient.account_number max length from 10 -> 34                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2023/03/28 | Increased NAS `recipient.account_number` max length from 10 to 34                                                            |
```

> | 2023/02/22 | Added `3ds.exemption` and `3ds.allow_upgrade` to Hosted Payments Page and Payment Links.                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2023/02/22 | Added `3ds.exemption` and `3ds.allow_upgrade` to Hosted Payments Page and Payment Links                             |
```
